docs: Describe hooks usage and improve examples (#232)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

### terraform_validate

1. `terraform_validate` supports custom arguments so you can pass supported no-color or json flags:

    ```yaml
     - id: terraform_validate
       args:
         - --args=-json
         - --args=-no-color
    ```

2. `terraform_validate` also supports custom environment variables passed to the pre-commit runtime:

    ```yaml
    - id: terraform_validate
      args:
        - --envs=AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="us-west-2"
        - --envs=AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="anaccesskey"
        - --envs=AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="asecretkey"
    ```

3. It may happen that Terraform working directory (`.terraform`) already exists but not in the best condition (eg, not initialized modules, wrong version of Terraform, etc). To solve this problem you can find and delete all `.terraform` directories in your repository:

    ```bash
    echo "
    function rm_terraform {
        find . -name ".terraform*" -print0 | xargs -0 rm -r
    }

>     alias rmtf=rm_terraform

Reviewer: There is no need to make an `alias`. Calls by function name.

```suggestion
```

    " >>~/.bashrc

>     # Reload shell and use `rmtf` command in repo root

Author: ```suggestion
    # Reload shell and use `rm_terraform` command in repo root
```

    ```

   `terraform_validate` hook will try to reinitialize them before running `terraform validate` command.

>     **Warning:** If you use Terraform workspaces, DO NOT use this workaround ([details](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform/issues/203#issuecomment-918791847)). Wait to [`force-init`](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform/issues/224) option implementation

Reviewer: Initially, I read it like this - `If you use Terraform workspaces, DO NOT use the workspaces` :)
